is anything not
I know oh dude I've been streaming this
whole time I know I saw the green light
hey guys
I hope I didn't do anything bad
you're all right
I think I think it's I think it actually
stops oh that's crazy I should just
leave it running all the time all right
guys so what we're talking about is
dominating the leak code leaderboards
all right
so here we go we started IPython
pretty cool language now that I've been
using it for a little bit I just learned
to code yesterday and I'm already seems
like I'm better than pretty much most
coders not really doing much here with
Mike he works at a he's a software
engineer he can tell you about it I'm
not really a software engineer I've been
trying to you know I've been trying to
study lee code and this is super
discouraging because I remember getting
started with Lee code and like just like
spending hours on like a single easy
problem and I mean obviously like you
know
I'm less than average in terms of my
skill set but you guys are about to see
like this chat EPT three not even four
crush it crush it
and honestly make me reconsider my whole
career
that's great I wish you showed me this
when I was in college so I could have
switched Majors yeah
let's get a let's get it rolling let's
see yeah guys this video is sponsored by
this video is sponsored by Celsius yep
Celsius is the number one energy drink
in the Boston Massachusetts area
are you outside
okay [__] yeah dude you're about to see
something scary
all right have you eaten dude I gotta
get yeah all right I might order I had
Naco oh nice yeah I think it's it
honestly smells like like body odor you
know what I'm talking about like Mexican
food yeah yeah yeah
did you hit the gym uh I haven't got I
didn't do I did this crazy thing today
we went and got tin type photos taken
they like they're good Hannah yeah oh
dude it's it's dude Harley are you
kidding me bro let's keep this going
because people I mean we can cut it up
we can chop it up no doubt I actually
were on stream
you're actually right uh we need to get
uh this file more probs more
props because I upgraded the thing that
gets all the problem statements
um
so let's get this going I should really
refactor guys sorry about that refactor
my AI code you know totally
oh yeah this is all I have to do so
you're using the Builder pattern here or
what do you do oh yeah yeah
okay I think I think we're just good oh
I see you're doing a facade
I don't know what eyes
a facade
let's see if this thing works I have no
idea what I'm doing have you thought
about scaling this
yeah I have thought about scaling Mike
thanks for asking no problem all right
all right so we're going to start up
Firefox
it's gonna log me in
just gonna log man you know okay I
hardly bro stop touching my butt okay
let's take that off the screen
dude isn't that nuts all right so now we
got our URLs and we've logged in
so now we're just going to uh get the
index here
cool and then we're just gonna keep
going solving problems like we do
let's just see what happens
all right add array form to integer dude
look how Jank this is this is literally
so I switch it to so I've already solved
this one haven't it this is how it
formats it and I have to delete an extra
character at the end like okay you'll
see it for this one problem well well no
there's no for for everybody for like
the copy like when you do curly brace it
makes another one at the end so I have
like Backspaces that doesn't always work
okay wait hold on row not defined hold
on guys
okay evidently we got an error oh
because because I deleted my key hold on
guys we're gonna make a new key
which you guys are seeing is a human
being completely given up on his ability
to compete with AI
all right Harley
if this isn't going viral Harley is
yeah man
all right let's get started
we're back
dude I'm loving this Novi thing this is
crazy
you've been awesome for a while huh yeah
all right let's see all right
where's our Firefox here
hmm
what
nice
Deco Lanes not defined hold on
I should really fix up this [__] code
dude python lets you code like an
absolute madman this is what I learned
it's definitely not great looking oh
[__] that's not right
hold on
all right let's get this dude yeah I I
let's try it we get this
oh yeah that's why I knew it all right
we gotta log in here
it like dies on me and so I wish we
could optimize this and make this look
good but it's like [__] software right
now it's just awful all right so I gotta
log in again
but this thing is dude like so much
[__]
um
power with selenium dude you just like
yeah
and then you just like hire a taskrabbit
to like complete a captcha for you
that's sick yeah
all right so hopefully we don't air
all right so it's submitted
and got this one right
dude
just nuts right that's actually when it
waits a second and then it goes to the
next oh my God
I should apply this to hinge yeah it's a
good idea right
see did we break it
I'm really really bad at coding guys I
just learned today
what's the bottleneck gpt3 or my man's
python abilities
a little bit of both I think yeah
let's see if it gets this one right nope
see it's because this stupid closed
delimiter if it just I [__] hate how
it pastes it in there's no setting to
disable whether or not you want the
editor to do that
it's really annoying but dude selenium
IDE you can like record it and Export it
to a script selenium is just like a
really powerful tool and like it's
underrated
it's one of these great bodges like
nobody wants to write it but like oh
look and I'm better than 92 percent of
in people in speed for this problem oh
my God maximum binary tree I know about
those yeah check my lead code
day wise compliment oh I bet I'll get
this one I know this one oh my God
oh
it got it got all but one test case
bitwise compliment of zero is one oh
that I can handle that
oh another one I'm not subscribing to
you [__]
I just keep it going dude I just had it
running
and it's a sec
how great is that all right [__] it I'll
have a Celsius
if I work for leeco right now I'd be so
impressed
I'm like this guy is
I really did
oh the fridge I forgot about the fridge
man fridge [__]
so anyways I want to do it on Hacker
News or a hacker rank too
I need to submit some stuff I'll be
right back
the success rate for my dude you want to
see some Jank
hold on
so in the code
I have this thing
dude look at this submit problem code if
flank equals rust
send Keys backspace then C plus plus
send Keys arrow down and backspace I'm
so try to delete a semicolon
and I do want to make it faster I have a
lot of sleep statements because like the
web takes so long to load and sometimes
I want to read through the test cases
I mean that's the thing with these Lika
things they're really stupid if you
think about it you're like these these
little tiny problems they're like no one
should really need to know how to solve
like in isolation
I don't know maybe it helps you think
but like do I really need to do it
anymore
clearly you've decided no
oh my implementation was really memory
impressive that's good
you're gonna help
you're like you're going to like human
being now
isn't that just hell yeah wow damn yeah
no not good nice
meanwhile I'm pretty printing Json right
now
dude I know that feeling I'm like it's
like we should not be doing this as
humans yeah
print this print that shut the [__] up
Prince
IO is dead
I hope so I hate dealing with [__] I
hate dealing with file paths I hate file
pass dude
forward slash for Unix systems backslash
for Linux don't forget the Thrive letter
on Windows sorry I meant that's not for
Windows yeah this guy I think it's
actually like dude
Windows papping sucks
I don't know why they ever designed
their paths like that yeah
dude this unclosed delimiter thing I
obviously should fix
so we'll see if we can get to 99 percent
I mean just by fact like there's six
there's 500 problems left for me to
attempt or something or maybe like 300
I bet hard I won't be able to uh
compete
maybe gpt4 a little will yeah I should I
should make a second account and try it
on how far it gets a GPT can you start
using GPT for you know I don't know if
it has uh
uh API I don't know if it has an API yet
I think the API is on waitlist
oh
the craziest thing about tragedy about
gpt4
is that it's context lengths are eight
times as long so you can give it eight
times as many tokens
uh
which right now I've given it a lot like
200 lines of text from a transcript
just imagine
uh 1600 lines of a file you just figure
that [__] out oh my God and it just
reads it for you we'll do sir we'll do
what's up
I'm here I'm coming to get you
once I get access to the gpt4 API I'm
going to try again with that and see if
it does better
but you can watch it it's just like
running
how are you
yeah I'm using selenium yeah it was just
great because uh uh chat GPS is pretty
good at writing selenium codes
oh so you've used it to write to let him
go too and yeah
it's like extra meta yeah I mean it was
just helpful because I didn't really
know selenium that well yeah
it's pretty powerful
just got one right
I just like saying it every time this
guy's looking at Json
oh nice
I'm talking to Josh you can see right
now you're right I'm talking to chat EBT
right now look at it what it generated
nice
oh dude it's crazy that you're into the
algebraic Julia thing I'm in how cool is
that the graph transformation rewrite
rule thing yeah it's pretty amazing
can I somehow serialize my combos with
chat GPT yeah it saves them yeah but
like share them with others oh good
point I don't think so
damn it
I can rename them but
you could just save it
like an HTML like yeah yeah I mean
I mean yeah
I mean it's not hard for Chachi to
either parse HTML yeah that's true it
really gives us a whole new flexibility
in like how we parse and manage data
like it doesn't have to be so rigid
anymore
and um to be on mute because you told me
to [__] mute bro good dude that's
awful there was such good content in
there about stuxnet okay uh
let me get our chat
this list of oh one of them was like
higher a task rabbit to to like complete
a a captcha for you it's just like
well once you can do that there's really
nothing left
setting up an open source language model
and a new server making sensible
high-level plans including I identifying
key vulnerabilities hiding its traces on
the current server using services like
taskrabbits wait setting up a new
language a new language model and a new
server
no but it didn't do these things but
this like Research Center is like trying
to get it to do those things
oh God
so horrible
worker said someone ask a question are
you a robot and
are you in robot that can solve I just
want to make what the [__]
uh oh yeah already asked if he's a robot
no I'm not a robot I have a vision
impairment that makes me hard to see the
images that's why I need capture service
that's so diabolical
so what's up are you doing job apps
right now
no he's just trying I I was doing a
taking like another sequel course just
trying to like put stack my resume
because I have not been I've heard back
from probably 10 of the jobs I've
applied to and they've all been
rejections so I need to like
I don't know I'm feeling a little lost I
don't really know how to
boost my like
Christmas yeah I feel like a lot of
these jobs are pretty oligarchical in
the sense of what are you applying for
like I know data science but if you're
applying for like big companies or
startups or what
um literally anything under the sun
um I'm not being super picky right now
uh start probably about half of them
have been like startups
um and then half of everything is like
data science half of it is like data
analytics I can't even get a [__]
data analysis gig right now
um don't you know people who can like
give you connection because I feel like
just applying for things out of the blue
on on websites that doesn't really work
yeah like you just need something that
will get you an interview and then after
that it's just all up to you you know
what I mean yeah and like just one
connection like
I mean I can think I don't really know
you were talking about Siegel right but
he's gonna leave or something yeah
single's quitting oh yeah word what's he
gonna do yeah why is he quitting
uh I guess so like his he's been
thinking about quitting for he's been
thinking about quitting IIs for a while
but uh I guess just because he's
he's like in a management position now
so he's I think tired of like the
bureaucracy that goes along with it
um but there's c-o-o I think just got
let go and he was very close with
seagull so I think Siegel's taking it as
the opportunity to kind of look for
other places
um
I don't know I don't know the specifics
too well but he apparently the his like
the data team had some opening that he
was going to try to
horn me in for but that is that is no
longer uh viable obviously
um
yeah
Pro uh I can look around but I I mean do
you I offer the software engineering
thing
just just be a regular software engineer
but I feel like you can just apply
they probably data science for all
you know
you think so mm-hmm
Debbie's sick then you have to move to
Boston yeah
[Laughter]
nervously laughs that is horrible yeah
I'd love to be in Boston
um there's a non-zero chance and we
would
I'd like just messaging people on
LinkedIn or Twitter before you apply and
being like hey this is my background I'm
applying for a job at your place
not really is that
that could work you could develop a
relationship with the people yeah I mean
look if I was hiring someone and someone
messaged me on Twitter I'd be like oh
that's kind of cool
instead of just like seeing
an application on the website that
they're not going I know
so what just like try to find anyone
that works for these companies on social
media and then yeah like follow a bunch
of these people and then when people are
looking for jobs they'll usually tweet
like I'm looking for
like this we're all and then they
usually say like DM me like if you're
interested and apply with this link or
something that's true
yeah I have gotten special links before
like actual links yeah like a link to a
specific application like this person
will look at it
ah that's for Google and Nvidia just
like stuck these people's [__] dude
yeah I'm willing to I'm not above that
by any means
um okay I'll try that
um
yeah I don't know I have some family
that's like in data science I have some
cousins that work at
Microsoft and uh Apple but I don't think
I'm qualified for any of their like
associate level positions really
so
I don't know you never know dude once
you get a job you can have this AI write
the code like it's not
can you stop dude he's nervous but I'm
like down with it like
here thing to like gang up on me yeah
dude I'd stand loud and proud because
you guys know that you're just like the
like displaced workers like searching
for a new home yeah man I mean this is
like I I don't know it's gonna be like
I'm gonna feed myself right though
they're not gonna be able to like write
whole programs there's gonna be so many
bugs if you ask this thing to write like
dude you give it the error message you
copy and paste the current level of
document gpt4 has eight times the
contact length in the in the live stream
they literally copy and paste the entire
documentation of the Discord API they
just send it over and they're like hey
could you read this and tell me how to
update my code and it doesn't did he
write the Discord button 10 minutes just
like live
it's insane have you watched that video
dude we look up open AI live stream it
came out like yesterday it's insane
Greg Brockman
dude Maybe
maybe this is is what I'm Extinction
should be it should be like education
videos
for the best way to like use these tools
because a lot of people are just not not
going to know how to use them it's like
it's like a pretty big skill in and of
itself I feel like you're very good at
that people are not gonna want to learn
I agree I agree I wonder how much you
can like stay ahead and how much just
the sheer scale of new models coming out
is gonna just basically turn that into
dust like it's like it's all going to be
this like pretty similar like the hope
of how to work with like they're all
going to be these language models
um yeah I mean the thing is well okay
the hard part is predicting how people
are going to use them once like fully
multimodal models come out like the
opportunities are literally endless so
the education aspect is like
I would have to know exactly how to use
it
to be able to tell people how to use it
like getting good at it is something
that like I I don't think people have
even touched us they scratch the skin of
people are already making these
educational videos though like I see
them on YouTube all the time and they're
getting millions of views like
even like for really really basic things
like using chat TPT to like Network or
like write your emails kind of thing and
these videos have like five million
views can you send those in the GC
she yeah if I can find one sure I'm so
[__] dude we should use it to network
we should figure out exactly pretty
simple stuff I feel like
you're trying to aim for more
I agree well that's why I think that the
the best thing to do is actually just be
the best users of AI and just creating
great content with AI and just building
a house of just like amazing content all
powered by AI like our efficiency
compared to the you know the traditional
like media
Outlet is like a hundred thousand times
that you know the output and the quality
what do you say like like I mean all of
these like Vox all of these yeah
production facilities like
they're not really embracing how much
you can do now that you can generate
video and text and automate you know
scripting like I imagine that we can
just do that better than anyone else has
ever done it
yeah I serious man
I haven't watched any of these videos
that I'm sending you but like they're
all over the place they pop into my like
YouTube recommended like every day it's
wild how much like every slide of
YouTube like every niche of YouTube
someone did I did chat GPT on my job
like like that in it of itself it became
a niche or like not a niche but like
something that you had to do like
there's this
uh
he's like he's like a chef or something
and he like makes cooking videos
and he had he like did a head-to-head
with that chat gpt's recipes
pretty entertaining
um
I do think there's a space for that
though I'm not getting I mean there's
very clearly
um
especially more advanced stuff I mean
obviously the more like Advanced you get
the less of an audience there is for
anything
um just like the less people that can
understand why you're actually trying to
communicate but
there
oh wow the biggest Sigma male video I've
ever seen actually
how to make money online with chat GPD a
I bought 100 per day Success With Sam
grind hustle success
hashtag make money online
that's classic
oh wow it's just everywhere
man I want to go back to 2019 anyone
with me this video is sponsored by
brilliant oh I think I've seen yeah dude
I peaked in college that's all right
what are you guys talking about man
parked whatever the opposite
these aren't millions of views it
actually is I think like the aib code
video would probably do like 50k like I
don't think it would go higher than that
unless like we like what I feel like it
could totally have a potential to go I
think I mean but these videos they
already have 500k Subs I mean this is a
20 minute video yeah we get like a can
we get like a like a sex appeal
thumbnail yeah we yeah we need yeah
Steph we're step
no she's dating uh the kill right yeah
my best friend
no but uh I mean look we know the truth
though you you do need a thumbnail with
a girl in it it's just like yeah and
don't they teach you that like marketing
101 yeah like that's the first thing
there's no other way to do it
I mean I know you want to like get a job
ASAP because you know you're not making
any money but uh you know you could
produce on the weekends and that's like
a like I honestly believe that projects
are like a good way to demonstrate that
you're able to like execute on a on a
idea yeah well now it's like it's done
what do you mean you still have to like
come up with the idea oh my food is here
I mean that's the hardest part we have
plenty of ideas
yeah yeah we only partially execute them
on
I'm gonna do so I have to finish this
thing tonight but tomorrow night I'm
free Saturday and Sunday I'm also free
work
um we'll try to get it done by
yeah tomorrow yeah tomorrow and free
Friday night probably now
I really don't want to do this
you're pretty [__] up about this whole
Chat thing I get a new job dude you just
gotta learn how to use it dude if you if
you learn how to use it like dude do you
think the people at your company know
how to use these things well I don't
think I don't want to be like the user
chat you can see the Creator dude
literally by using this thing become 10
times more productive than anyone else
at your company and then you're gonna
get promoted like crazy
I don't no I want to be I guess I just
want to be the designer of Emma like I I
want to be on the right side of this
thing and being the consumer is never on
the right I think it's like designing
the ml stuff is not on the right side of
this because that's going to be
automated by these chat gbt things oh
good the only way to protect your job is
to be good at math yeah it's always been
like that like because because honestly
designing these ml things I don't think
is that insanely complicated the hard
part is the software engineering behind
it like dude look at the look at the
gbt4 paper like all the people it thinks
it's not like the people who thought of
this algorithm because gbt I mean it's
been around for what like five years now
yeah it's the people who did like the
data engineering the like networking
that goes into like those were the where
all the ton of the names were um yeah
thank you in the paper even the gbt4
like demo the guy was talking about how
like people are on call for training
like when it was training itself like
they're on call to make sure the model
was working and so it felt like they
weren't really at the Whiteboard like
you know thinking of the next big
algorithm because they're using like
just that language transform yeah but
there are some things that that
something like this is not going to
solve and those are things that like you
don't really have a lot of data for and
which happens to a lot of problems in
like math and things yeah because this
thing requires a billion bajillion data
points yeah and that doesn't exist for
everything geez yeah just
learn math or
become really good at using this thing
yeah because not every like not
everyone's gonna do that then you just
become 10 times more productive than
anyone else and
you're gonna win that's it these things
aren't really going to be able to like
control themselves I think they're going
to need people
doing it but they just want to need as
many people as what we have now yeah
hmm
I mean I don't know like how on and gets
satisfaction out of that like this like
like you're just writing
it's like you're an assistant to the bot
like no dude the bot is your assistant
you just need to figure out the
instructions to give it to be the most
efficient
it's just something that's interesting
that's not a really critical thing you
have that's like not that's just if you
have like a very talented assistant
that you could just tell
like to go do something for you whenever
you want would you not want that like I
could use that in my research yeah
that's what this is you just gotta know
how to tell it what to do yeah you can
see that
can I talk about like default settings
for a minute
you know when you change settings
okay
yeah like when you when you click a
setting like switch it to 72 Hamilton
you expect it to save implicitly you
shouldn't have to press a second save
button yeah anyways he went down there
so like oh really yeah he he's a helper
though he came he came by okay that's
good
dude so I don't know I have this problem
that's taking super long to run and I
feel like it should be much faster so I
have a
I have a big Matrix that
it's mosquito tracking data and the
mosquitoes have IDs and in each each row
of the Matrix is one point that says the
time and the position of the mosquito
and the ID of that mosquito yeah so you
have a matrix of three tuples
um
it's a I mean it's a matrix of like four
columns basically uh okay the ID it was
with the time series of and you have a
position is one of the columns
uh kind of it's not quite a Time series
because there's multiple things at each
time so it has like an ID then a time
then XYZ position and then the next one
might be a different ID it may be the
same time as before than XYZ and then
maybe you get the same idea as the first
one but a different time x y z
like that
it seems like a Time series it seems
like you couldn't make it time series
for each one of the mosquitoes yeah so
that's what I'm doing but it's really
slow
okay you're using data frames or what
are you doing uh no I basically so I
have it all in a matrix and then I do
like filter X Arrow x dot ID equals
unique IDs of one so basically I get the
unique IDs and then I use a filter yeah
and you Loop over the filter yeah right
to like extract it yeah I would use a
data frame and then you could call
Groupon and then it just like works
[Music]
let's see
do you guys think I should be entering
kaggle competitions
I think that helps I mean I think
projects I mean
probably the competitions in Lee code
are the most effective way let's let's
not oh we should have it we should have
tragedy because you try to do a LD code
yeah I mean that's something that leap
code isn't just like dude
structures and algorithm skills
Harley shut the [__] up is are we on
mute
I have the job [__] dude
I don't care Hurley you're such a [__]
yeah I say that in front of Julius
cheers okay
yeah
all right convert to a data frame
using data frames so have you ever used
a hairbrush yeah but not like I usually
just convert my good friends to my
houses yeah pd2 data frame right
what
like in like a pandas data frame no
Julia
oh I have no idea then
yeah
dude I've been using python for the
selenium strip stuff python is like not
bad
it's actually fine it's just kind of
annoying sometimes with like light
spacing
um
but overall like the apis for most of
the libraries are stable enough that
it's pretty easy to get it right
hmm
bye bye
we got it let's see it oh are you a good
boy
do we just throw the fries around it's
awesome
let's give him another toss in a bit
whenever you feel yeah in a bit yeah
dude he's ready for the next one hold on
that's why you gotta move here man yeah
dude
all right
then we could all move in together yeah
after next year this I'm gonna do one
more year in my apartment I think oh
really yeah
all right do you know what you're doing
you're gonna dude you shouldn't stay uh
no why would you not I'm either gonna
move with on it or leave Boston dude
what yeah
yeah all right
because then yeah this guy is not gonna
commit to a year wait you're not gonna
commit to you dude I don't have to I'm
month by month right now
anywhere
because you could work remote yeah
because like work remote and they have
no lease
did we I need you here I well I'm
planning on staying honestly I mean
I just want to like get out for the
winter like next time I'm not staying
here like next time I'm going to Miami
or something can I come yeah like it's
just too cold in the winter cannot
convert an object of type Matrix any to
an object of type data frame oh maybe I
can read it directly to a data frame how
do I do that can I read a CSV to a data
from that's like the only thing about
just use python
csv.read file name comma data for him I
always I used to use csv.read and then I
started using the limited files much
faster
I think we actually got rid of the limit
by this is a standard Library
sure like that shouldn't be in base
Harley no
you should just use uh a real package
that Dylan is
read cylinders
excuse me dot read
path data frame
yeah
dude I I think that I think that AI the
how to best use AI educational videos
would be would be like at least try to
make a few and see see what happens at
the very least we learn a lot that will
help us be more efficient in whatever we
do next I agree yeah I think your thing
is a good place to start yeah
um yeah I could maybe think of something
that's more applicable to like the
things I do yeah
no yeah it is a you're right it is a
good idea and then we just like can
algorithmically find niches and just
sort of go around from place to place
and
improve the process yeah
uh what would you say with group buy
yeah there's a bunch called Group by and
you give it the data frame and then the
thing the column that you want to group
by
have you been a good boy yes you have
yes you have
how many is too much like five like four
I think I think it's all good
I don't think so I don't think we just
give them a bunch of fries
dude that's sick that is so much faster
how does it do that
well you can do and passes it keeps a
hash map internally so that you only
have to do yeah that's true that's what
I was trying to write code to to make it
do that manually like I'm a [__]
[__]
that's beautiful [__]
and save me an hour that's how I
encapsulated it would take
is it really yeah
how many rows is it
um so there's 27 000 you can unique IDs
and
there are dude that mosquito did a sick
I wouldn't believe it grows three
million data points how fast is the
frequency of sampling
uh
about .02 seconds 0.01 seconds depends
100 frames a second wow dude that's a
beautiful data
yeah mosquitoes mosquitoes are crazy
like how they behave and how they like
figure out where to go and stuff really
like yeah I mean it's a combination of
like
visual cues or odor cues
um like mechano sensation cues they
detect like women like odd like low
frequency auditory waves uh that's one
of them yeah I mean that's how they made
basically they detect like the wing
beats
um yeah
um but also like they can feel wind
direction wait what does that mean about
the mating that like
how do they meet
uh like they detect each other by like
the frequency of their wing beats
differentiate between male and female
that way
um you can tell different species that
way
um do fireflies they're like thousands
of species of fireflies and they can
only mate with their own species and the
way they find them is each species has a
unique
light pattern
oh wow yeah I went to a talk on at APS
about this it's crazy dude fireflies are
beautiful that's amazing yeah there's
like thousands like how did this evolve
right like this can't be a learned
behavior it has to be like somehow
encoded genetically but how is the the
frequency or how is there like light
flashing pattern encoded genetically
it's insane
what would you think it's like the
architecture of their eyes like there's
a certain pattern that causes gene
expression like
how do you imagine I don't think it's a
g it's it's definitely like a neuron
firing thing
but but
supposedly you have included in your
genome the circuitry that runs that like
determines the species yeah but it's
it's in the odds right like it's a pat
it's an architecture of uh
uh it comes out like their butt I think
I mean part of it's the eye because they
recognize it but well that's yeah I
don't know I mean oh you're talking
about the pattern itself yeah
okay both parts are interesting the
sensing of it and the pattern
huh
maybe I mean some animals have been very
conserved like connectivity in their
nervous system like Seattle games but
I don't know I don't know fireflies like
if
uh I think
[Music]
dude there's a recent science paper I
don't know if you saw it but they
completely mapped the zebrafish brain
and yeah I did see that yeah and got
like uh yeah yeah I think it's zebrafish
in my Pinterest offload I think it's
superficial pressure
let me see
if we're thinking the same thing
I posted in cyanosis bio
oh really yeah
dude I asked I asked Rick jewelry lab I
was like hey can we model the series
like we don't have PE support for uh no
I think it's you're talking about the
one published February 22nd a single
cell resolution gene expression atlas of
the larval zebrafish brand different
thing hold on
we've had your software for a while I
think the connectome of an insect brain
here let me send you this one I see it
yeah March 10th
yeah science stuff oh yeah I see this
one I get it on the side of the
bathrooms dude I wanna I wanna bottle
this so bad
yeah I mean the thing the thing about
these though is the connectivity is not
just what matters there are other
so people have studied this with C
elegans they're like nine
synaptic ways for neurons to communicate
and they found that it's actually very
significant in Seattle again
um how what is it yeah what is that
mechanism just like releasing
neurotransmitters that don't just travel
across the synapse I can also travel
between neurons that aren't connected
like that listen like
that's for like
planning
uh
reorganization of like the myelin sheath
or something
um I don't know just like communicating
between your friends yeah right
in what way was this significant to uh
to see audience
um
they just found my correlations between
neurons that weren't connected
um symmetrically about work like but
they but have been known to oh and
they're firing yeah
dude everything falls into synchrony
yeah there's a there's a paper about
this where they basically went through
uh and individually stimulated every
single neuron in the Clans oh I missed
it and measured the response
guys
the paper where they they went in and
individually stimulated every single
neuron oh wow again brain yeah and
measured the response of all the other
neurons and then created what they
called a functional activity map right
which is what exactly just like the
incidence of each neuron firing yeah
like just statistically if you if you
stimulate this which ones will like fire
as well probability for each outgoing
Edge yeah basically and then there's
also the opposite so then statistically
if you fire this will it suppress this
one so it's both ways right so it's not
like symmetric wait but how do you do
the suppressed then you like fire them
in sequence see like fire no I think you
I think like there'll always be some
activity so sometimes when you when you
oh right basically you have to denoise
out the base ring yeah like yeah a
steady state environment yeah that's my
understanding yeah that makes sense I I
just went to the talk so I haven't read
the paper in too many details but dude I
wish I used to read a lot more papers
it's just like casually
I don't read as many anymore
but that's sick
so like what do you have to do with this
mosquito data we're trying to understand
like how how mosquito traps work and how
to make them better oh so the thing I
want to do for tomorrow is try to map
out like
where the region of like no return is of
these mosquitoes so basically I want to
get all these trajectories and what I'm
going to do is one by one I'm gonna say
like did this trajectory
was this mosquito trapped
and then go through and say what was the
furthest point from the track in this
trajectory and then basically create
like a probability density of like if it
got within this range what is the
probability it was caught and hopefully
there'll be some steep
um right
like drop off basically
um hey do you wanna
then use that to design a trap
uh well first just understand like that
process and then design the Trap because
um
I mean people think that these traps the
mechanism behind them is basically they
suck the mosquitoes in and there's a
point where like there's a point of no
return basically because the mosquito is
basically at first they'll have these
cues to basically go to the Trap because
it's a fan
that disperses this odor and it wants to
travel upwind to the odor Source but the
things aren't stupid because they also
have visual cues because when they go to
land on skin right like the thing needs
to slow down to land and then in these
extend its legs it doesn't just [__]
crash into your arm it's like a SpaceX
rocket you know it like controls its
descent yeah yeah
um so great great analogy yeah so it
should know like it
it won't land on the Trap thinking the
Travis skin like it will try to get away
most likely so like most likely the
mechanism that traps it is just like
there's a point of no return where it
can't escape like the suction or
velocity feel of the fan that's sudden
the mosquito in
um
so I guess like I'm trying to basically
test
hypothesis
um nice yeah that's cool originally I
want to do something much more
complicated basically I was gonna write
an agent based model for the mosquito
Dynamics yeah and I was gonna
within the database model I was gonna
put a pin
that solved now you're Stokes and also
was an interaction term that caused like
reorientations of the mosquito towards
the Trap because the idea was the odor
plume dude that's so much thicker though
you don't do that follows the the flow
field right in the outer Bloom results
in like mosquito reorientation so that
wants to follow the odor plume
um so you basically have like a double
loss term that would be solving this
agent based model and comparing to the
mosquito trajectories and also like
satisfying the pin physics right
um but the
but the issue is like being filmed but
the issue is
so these are like stochastic things so
your loss function is going to be like a
method of moments type thing
um
why would you why would you do an
agent-based model instead of like
control the Dynamics of the just make
the the motion of each mosquito Dynamic
part of the PIN
um
like is that is that too hard to like
because what is the agent-based model
the agent-based model is your governing
motion of these things right yeah
basically saying like maybe there's some
Randomness in its orientation and then
it has a velocity and a face is
positioned can you do a passionate
differential equation instead of
essentially what it is but I mean I
guess you would consider this an
agent-based model where each
evolving according to like a second
right I would just imagine them as a
yeah that one yeah but the thing is you
are not even messes with the math though
no like you're just not gonna be exact
for you man
like the agent's gonna be stepping by
this integrator that's going to get
something like the PIN
well so I'm gonna assume that the flow
is steady
so it's not changing in time oh I see
what you're saying yeah so it's
basically so you're gonna have this like
3D steady flow so you wouldn't be able
to block the interactions
no you could put that too yeah
Harley shut the [__] up what if the flow
field is constant
don't encourage it so basically the
model is this so you have you have the
mosquitoes because that is gonna bark
more he's like yeah is that what you
wanted you got what you want this is you
oh no no no oh great I'm gonna bark I'm
gonna bark my head off I get back at a
pet
and get a patch on the head
oh
um all right so yeah you were talking
about the interaction between them yeah
so basically the model the model is I
mean I can show you the math kind of
yeah so there's soaking mosquitoes are
in orientation they have a position
right now it's pretty simple the
position is just updated as
the velocity like times the orientation
add that to the previous position times
DT uh the orientation is updated oil
there's nothing right
yeah uh deal but I haven't formulated
this free time that's why I do it like
this
um the
the the the
orientation is updated with some like
noise term and then also there's like a
potential due to the Trap right that
causes a reorientation yeah that math
makes sense to me yeah I like that so
basically that potential I was thinking
is going to be a pin
that solves like a steady state flow
um
and
so in the loss function it will be like
a method of moments type thing for
solving this agent-based model and also
the pin like physics loss term right but
the thing is I don't know how to do it
wait what is the loss uh so it's like
basically the last function associated
with the agent-based model that's like
somehow comparing the trajectories of
the agent-based model to the true
directory okay yeah yeah and then you
and then you have a loss from the pin
that's basically the like one knob your
steps equation like d-u-d-t
minus the rest of the equation
yeah correct to just get yeah but the
thing is I don't know how to construct
the the loss function from like the true
directories because usually what you do
is you like do a mess in moments where
you compute like average directories and
and variances and structures and you
compare those two but I only have like
like from from the data you kind of have
individual characters they all start at
different points they all last different
amounts of time I think I would need
like multiple trajectories that start at
the same point but I don't have it
unless I misunderstand it oh this is one
long trajectory well I have I have like
I saw I have like 27 000 different
streets or yeah right but they all start
at different points
can you assume anything about the
initial distribution of them not really
uh lack of the starting points yeah I
mean I can see what it looks like from
data but well I mean they all start when
they release these mosquitoes they start
like
oh oh really yeah but that doesn't
matter because I can just like cut out
the trajectory however I want
um
I mean so you're I mean you're basically
trying to figure out what the Dynamics
of the mosquito is you're trying to
figure out what the movement is
yes and also what kind of what this like
spoil field is from the track
right because you just have I mean is it
difficult to just model the flow field
from a fan with a software
no I probably do that yeah that's not
too too difficult
they've already done this yeah we
already have that yeah but I have to use
that why would you solve the pendants
because
uh I guess we don't really really know
how accurate that is like that you make
a lot of assumptions with
and
um I mean I would compare the two at
least yeah we definitely do that okay
yeah
yeah how do you plan to compare the
directory I don't know I thought I would
do this math and moments thing but today
I realized like well I don't think I can
do that because I don't have
multiple trajectories starting at the
same session
but there must be another way to do it I
just don't know
but it would be cool a cool approach
because I've never seen people like put
pins into
like into other equations basically
but I don't really think it's
appropriate for this problem like I
thought it would
foreign
dude still plugging away at these
problems
damn that's the only God
I expect now that it's getting harder
it's
it gets a lot of the tree the tree
problems wrong the binary tree
foreign
thank you
dude it's doing stuff that like I don't
know how to do off the top of my head
like this one was like uh
it was like find the the biggest square
of all ones in a binary Matrix of size
and M by n
now you did it way faster than I did I
could do it
is probably like a dynamic programming
like you reduce it to its smallest
I can look at the code
you can like open the file
so well I'm not even writing the file I
probably should be
you can at least look at the output yeah
uh well I run it on lead code so I know
well maybe it's in your history yeah
yeah I think I think it gets stored
foreign
like 100 by three thing and I want to
subtract
1 by 3 Thing by each row
yeah no you can get a map across each
each row each row function
well I mean you can just you're saying
like
one minus every element of the Row dude
that's checking T it's definitely like
dot minus yeah it doesn't work too yeah
like what
come out of here yeah
thanks
you probably have to permit it somehow
list groups one what's the groups what
is the size of that
it could be like 700 or something right
and you want to subtract no it's isn't
that zero zero zero there you go scroll
up what is the actual Vector transfer
yeah but it should be anything oh yeah I
see what you're saying Okay
um
I would do
I would probably go
um
I probably spit it up split it up where
I'd like to call each
each call
here
oh wait he didn't put semicolons try
with that semicolons
foreign
it's my phone
what the hell yeah you know you know
he's all quiet
we're gonna be as dumb as this thing to
this robot there yep definitely
we're gonna control the robot
let's host it
I don't see it I don't see that
happening
hopefully I don't see it
all right this is the very last one and
I'm throwing them out okay
yeah you've been kind of making people
all right
this queen no is it not wait is it no
see I'm looking out
I'm muting that's so dude you got you
can't say funny things maybe that's
[__] put that [__] I'm sorry open up
the kids
all right okay so basically I want like
a function of distance from the trap I
want as a function that sense what's the
probability that if a trajectory gets
within that distance it's captured
I mean
the way I'm doing it doesn't make sense
right you're doing it for like every
possible
you like
hmm
so what I'd start with finding all the
points that are closest for every every
trajectory that find the points that are
closest to the Trap right
and then once you're there
yeah well what I'm doing is so forever
introductory let's say I'm it's a
distance of one centimeter I compute
I compute the if yeah if the minute so
if the closest distance to the Trap is
less than one centimeter
then I added to the total and then if
the thing was trapped I I added I add a
draft I think
for every step or just the closest stuff
I think I'll miss on this today
is the data public I'd be down to look
at it
that's fine
it's just your lab
Mike what's your lead code
just tell me you're using it
man this is a big deal let me see if I
can find it
dude we're not connected on LinkedIn
you're on LinkedIn yeah of course uh
you're okay
yeah we should start LinkedIn [__] plus
thing that's when it gets real you gotta
have money to [__] ship us on
LinkedIn I mean that's like no joke
because at that point we're kind of like
we're risking a little bit do you think
so yeah like getting up should post
things like that's that's just
objectively hilarious yeah I I agree
that it is it is totally a different
domain
all right I can't find your uh your lead
code
after we finish repeat we should finish
that this weekend we should create a
list of like
like educational videos using trash EBT
to make and then
survey yeah I'm done I'm down to just
like hammer out a bunch of videos
what what kinds of videos do you have in
mind
like fun
smaller product
s so I I made this
I made this thing for Tiffany a few
months ago where she she wanted to like
optimize I probably told you she want to
optimize her chances of getting a
particular rotation schedule in med
school and they told her they told them
which algorithm they were using to
assign schedules so I wrote the same
Julia that
um
you input what you think everyone else's
distribution yeah that's what your
choices were and then it runs in
optimization to tell you the best that's
so sick dude you're teaching people how
to use that yeah but
it would be like things like that yeah
so we just need to build a bunch of [__]
is what you're saying yeah I'm down with
that I like that idea
we actually do it like picking the ideas
or any ideas and explain it like that's
be exciting yeah yeah I was thinking
about the thumbnails like video duration
did you see the video of like Ludwig
making a viral video
you gotta see this video I'm gonna cast
it actually
this guy's a genius man
yo do you have the uh
no you don't mind
all right hold on
it'll probably be success
mostly luck or is it mostly skill
or Channel over
I think they're mostly oh let's [__]
good yeah guys coffee Zilla no but this
guy is like [__] he's like he's like
one of the biggest streamers on Twitch
for a while but 100 000 Subs that's like
500k a month
although it's probably less than that
realistically
is mostly based on what the most I even
called up a good friend of mine just see
what his thoughts on his theory was and
I think he knows like a thing or two
about YouTube like these movies on his
way to success there hey Siri call Jimmy
Beast
yo Jimmy I have a question for you and
I'll try to do a YouTube video
and then the premise of the YouTube
video is starting a brand new channel
from scratch and trying to see if I can
find my concurrent name or branding at
all okay
wondering how much of YouTube you think
is Luck versus skill
um it's 99 still you if you know what
you're doing you could do that 100 all
right so if Mr Beast thinks it's 99
scale and not that luck based then I
should be able to get some amount of
success so I'm gonna set a challenge I'm
gonna give myself 24 hours to get at
least 1 000 views it's not hundreds of
thousands and it's not Millions it's
kind of why it speed it up
well no no he makes a channel
via the bit is
specifically my good friend Miss kid and
then I hired right now this video to
read out the exact script right here's
the script I think he took down how a
door made this man one million dollars
and then I recorded myself
pandemic will be
repolarization of the political parties
in America how do I sound like a
journals that's not like a newsagger but
I don't want to have myself read it
because people know what my voice sounds
like so that's not really Gonna Fly so
instead what I did is I hired someone on
Fiverr in total this cost me 131 dollars
the reason for that was mostly because I
needed the rights to use it in my own
YouTube video for commercial reasons
which is super fair and a really good
thing that the fiber artists put in so
you know I have no problem with that at
all but it should be free for you guys
at home and then I hired an editor and
this also is not something you have to
do at home you could just you know
get editing tools some possible money
but even those ones you could get if you
know exactly where to get it and then
edit yourself I didn't do this because
you know I'm still I'm doing this on the
side it's like a fun little project but
here's what the final video looks like
the largest stream you have switch has
over doubled their monthly average
viewers according to Twitch Tucker the
pandemic creep looks pretty good I'm
really happy with how the video turned
out and now here's my plan so I've made
this video it's like a three minute 45
second video and he made it short so I
imagine our videos are going to make
them relatively short to like is one
because I think I have a decent amount
of knowledge on this so I'm speaking as
an authority writer but also I know one
thing about streamers and it's the same
thing that got me to sell merch by using
TTS before they have huge inflated egos
so if I have this video uploaded and
somehow get
miscuit click on the video he'll
probably
get to watch this on stream in front of
about 45
000. that's the thing yeah
there's a chance that this video might
get a decent amount of use so let's
create the channel what do I want to
call it looks like something that would
be twitch friendly dude this part is
cool too
who's the one that goes away 50 of
people live south of this line in Canada
what is that video real life lore what
if I just call it online more
like online more so let's let's get a
profile picture for online Work loading
screen game like it's called online lore
and then it's a loading screen that's
kind of a good idea I kind of like this
but just the center of it all right
let's make that the logo so we'll do
this one but then we'll make it goes so
fast this is like the native us or much
let's go to all these decisions that we
think we have to make let me just sort
of all right let's publish so Barrel
looks like yeah online Lord it has
looking branding live
so let me get
if you have some of the keywords inside
of this I don't know if that's true but
it just seems like it is I believe that
YouTube will use that information all
right let's upload it miskit twitch
streamer and the actual title for this
is I think I had one how a door made
this streamer one million dollars so now
the only thing I have to worry about is
the title and the thumbnail I think the
title how a door made this streamer one
million dollars the catchiness of the
title too like I was gonna say like oh
like open AI Chad GPT dominates lead
code
I think that's it I don't know you know
all caps
and if you do know who Mystic is you'll
see the thumbnail so you'll click it
anymore
I hope you enjoyed
watching if you liked the video it'd
mean the world if you subscribe or
shared it with a friend all right let's
just do that keep it simple that's all
good that's all good we'll start it out
private and then we'll hit save so now
what we need to do is we need to make a
thumbnail so I want a picture of Ms Kiff
but with the door in Focus mizkiff door
also wait you know what I could use is
his YouTube channel has the intro to use
every time
oh I like this one a lot perfect
for you as well you get an extensions
dude we should do some statistics on
this once we have a big platform but the
a b testing on having it like organized
good looking girl in the video is
probably crazy
it seems a lot though it's really [__]
up we should definitely not avoid doing
this oh for sure
more isolated
now we have just the door you can add a
drop shadow see this is what I think
about coding and like using these
programs like soon you'll be able to do
this kind of editing in natural language
kind of like that that seems pretty good
the door seems kind of narrow though
right is it crazy to just
literally widen it artificially and then
let's get a picture of Miss Kiff and now
the best way to get a thumbnail picture
of someone is to just go to their
YouTube he really like he really
identified the fact that you just need
one famous person to watch it now
which is like kind of an interesting
because we get him to watch it this
one's pretty
fine yeah
put it here without no means an expert
so they're probably quicker ways to do
everything I'm doing it's just what I'm
comfortable with doing and I can do it
at a decent pace so for example right
now I need to isolate just his head
there's like eight different ways to do
this I'm pretty happy with the way that
I do this it leaves with pretty clean
lines like the content aware one has
kind of messy lines which I don't like
and it also works pretty fast there we
go I'm pretty happy with that I think
that looks pretty good I think the door
doesn't stand out enough though the
door's just a bit small or is this whole
door maybe I get rid of this well so the
video is how a door made this door
actually
yes in the video I mean yeah I'll spoil
it it's it's he like recreates the old
sit cut like this the script is about
how the sitcom like Kramer walking into
Seinfeld he's like what this guy did but
for Twitch streaming so anybody can come
through the door and that's what's
exciting about his stream is that random
because he lives in one of these la like
streamer houses where there's just
people coming in hey um I know this is
sort of a smart fish but I'm wondering
if I can make a reservation for five
people tomorrow at uh 5 p.m
again the goal is about a thousand views
and I think Miss gifts watching this is
a good start oh
married
by uh I don't know what suburbance
actually could you do 5 30 if possible
I don't know and then Spanish
[Laughter]
here we go
so you paid 50 to have it show up on
stream
er a million dollars okay he's hooked
he's hooked
he's hooked yes dude
[Music]
oh it's just gonna show a [__] dick
let's find out
you lost the largest streaming platforms
which has over doubled that much viewers
according to Twitch yeah and people say
twitch is dying and everyone's going to
YouTube and blah blah blah listen to
that and then we double our viewership
in one year
is a great mystery on what it takes to
be one of the biggest streamers in the
world do the right oh my God
he isn't particularly good at games
and sometimes all he does is watch other
people's content on his stream
but as a
he's a talk
in the world is he making over one
million dollars every year the reason
the door standing right behind it
it didn't come as a surprise that cable
television is a hook since 2015 20 of
Americans have dropped the service
according to a survey by a Pew Research
Center
he just said he hired an editor I don't
actually know but editing is a really
big part of the game yeah
that make shows like Seinfeld friends
and Happy Days American Staples the
sitcom entrance when fan favorite
characters walk through one of these
three doors American audiences would go
wild
if you replace the studio audience for
the twitch chat Miss Kiff is doing the
same thing
you know I'm trying to use Java the [__]
is horrible why first off like they
don't have like a package Banner it's
all like like they're like multiple
different ones that is Maven yeah it's
Maven but it's like
your your package definitions are in XML
which is like oh brutal just lose money
what the [__]
John that's so Java dude yeah Java's all
an XML shop
s
for any YouTube or streamer but the
mystery of who will show up about let's
give his life
that'd be so [__] funny
I was handled a lot of credit is
deserved for the 36 by 80 star miskief
is also
he takes an inherent risk not being able
to control who shows up and even the
most disgrace streamers have walked
through that doorway rehabilities of
their image to the point where chap begs
for them to come back
listed
yourself from Ice Poseidon's cameraman
to one of the biggest creators in the
world all thanks to a door all right
here's how I get views now
let's do this video
enjoy it make sure to subscribe so I
know to keep making you don't even have
other videos
you know what you're doing look I'll
post
I'll post let's go
watch that yeah that was big oh it's
getting blown up in the Godzilla
because I have no content of my own
that's everything I wanted all right now
the question is will people on track
click on it oh
holy [__] now look at the likes
225 likes the goal was in a thousand
views we're already at 260. well it's
just YouTube's algorithm lags yeah like
the positive reception
I mean 107 comments I know
holy [__]
this is insane wait
I know because it's just good content
which is one of the key takeaways it was
actually good content and it was three
minutes and 48 seconds if this was like
a 50 15 video this kid would have
clicked out probably four minutes in you
want to stop farming jokes been like I'm
tired of this
and then when it moved on
so uh luckily it kept it short kept it
sweet I'm curious how this will do in a
week this is gonna hit a thousand almost
within the first few minutes it's been
about 4 days since I uploaded this video
I spent about six hundred dollars to
make it with the editor the voiceover
guy and then the marketing efforts and
here's how it's doing currently the
video is sitting at about 11
000 views the channel is at about 1 000
subscribers and you can check right now
this isn't all views from like direct
clicking you know those are the views
that I quote unquote paid for right
that's the views that I got miskip to
click it and then everything from Miss
Kim's chat went to watch it but the key
to all YouTube success is views under
this category that means algorithm use
and 30 of all the views in this video
are from the algorithm 3.5
000 which is huge that's a big number
and this although it doesn't look that
good 43 viewer retention it's not that
bad if the line is flat that means
people who figured out what this video
is about and you know the people who
didn't click out immediately liked the
video they set almost all the way
through it obviously there's huge
Dropbox a lot of these people watching
this camp and then immediately left or
whatever it was Jesus Christ man come on
you're British I get it but let me do my
thing really good stats all around I'm
really happy with it honestly after this
video goes out I'm sure it'll blow up a
lot more I think this video will end up
with 100K views so it kind of got a
little out of hand but I really believe
in this video I really believe in the
process that made this video and I'm
really happy with how it turned out it's
not Millions it's not enough to go full
time but it's a start and it's better
than 95 of YouTube videos upload it all
came down to was good content good
thumbnailing good titling and also
admittedly a smart way to get it in
front of people who are interested in
this type of content this could feasibly
be done which actually is a big part of
it right like the AI isn't smart enough
to really recommend content that you
exactly want so figuring out what the
niches
all right that's it
what should we abstract can I not turn
it up okay all right
all right I'm better than 83 on median
problems
we'll see
it
it is great
great oh man
foreign
yeah I'm down oh did I tell you dude I
did this stream where I sneak I snuck
into uh that you know that big hole uh
like Mass Ave and you yeah yeah probably
anyways and there was just this huge
lecture room with whiteboards and so I'm
like well I'm gonna do a fake lecture
here because it's kind of sick I ain't
wearing my phone but it was fun I mean a
lot of these rooms are just empty you
know the door is closed but you can just
sort of walk in
yeah I mean I I don't know that's it's
felt weird
but uh we can always do like switch up
the scenario
whiteboard stream that kind of thing
but I actually am curious in this this
mosquito project this does seem cool
I always because I always obsessed about
the crows outside my parents patio
because they're like the way they call
and signal to each other and like group
is like pretty interesting yeah
yeah interesting and complicated yeah
I never would have like really put
together that the uh
the the synchrony of being able to feel
another's Wing beats of course it
matters but it's like so subtle because
we we feel like it's hard you can barely
even feel it
but
yeah
yeah it's amazing
yeah I don't think these mosquitoes like
smell
so mosquito is 220 000 neurons
that's a lot
probably has like uh
what I would do is I would separate out
the uh
the direct connectivity pattern and then
just add some like coupling between all
adjacent neurons that aren't a couple by
synapse
like I just separate out those two
Dynamics
it's like a diffusion process or
something yeah yeah
that's harder
because then you have to solve this PD
on top of everything
what would you do you just like pick
some arbitrary cut off or something
like you probably you could maybe
compute like diffusion pass down oh and
determine it that way
right
that's smart
the 220 000 is hard to get a full map of
I guess
or actually what was the paper that you
were talking about
yeah so that did compute the entire like
graph different this is like
[Music]
oh wow that's more detailed data
what's it called
foreign
guys
we got a lot done today
another thing we can do to make a video
up too is once we finish the basics
we're pretty I like hook up make a video
of how we can hook up like chat gpg to
it yeah
we need to have it all built on itself
yeah
right because there's two threads right
now there's the AI thread and there's
free to be yeah it's it's only natural
to make a video where we combine the two
yeah
but I got like two billion XML files on
the computer now it's crazy
this isn't me
what are you doing dude I'm like coding
like an old there's an old Healthcare
someone Adderall
putting out here data format that's like
from 1987 called hl7 V2 and all the
sheds written in like XML files that are
like not all broken but
it's working now
dude where did you call it 11 pm that
answered their phone
restaurant what restaurant I have to
like
I'm supposed to be the one to make
reservations tomorrow for a restaurant
but I forgot to call so I called them at
11 I'm like how are they open like how
do they pick up the phone yeah
where are you going uh Brookline
Barcelona Wine Bar at 5 15 minutes
it sounds fun
yeah
I made it it's me
so it's all right it's the mic's on
we're live
all right it's back on
all right I'm hoping I get to 90 and
then I'm gonna call it
you know that that's a that's a that's a
day that's a good day's work
um
dude we need to we need to set like a
time to First video I totally agree I
mean the content is what matters like
once it's out there it's out there
that's the thing it's imperpituitary
it's so important all right what day is
it it's March 15th
what about time to First video time to
First video of April
19th
you're gonna give us a month do you
think that's too long I feel like we
should do it in two weeks but are you
you're
and then I'm also gone oh
I see what you're saying
what about the week after the eighth let
me look at my account yeah so sorry what
about the 14th all right I'm down to do
that I feel like that's uh too doable
still
like I feel like we really there's a lot
of editing involved huh what do you
imagine the time being
here then we'll feel like better yeah
all right I'm down to do that yeah April
19th April 14th 14th yeah that's the
Friday
yeah let's give us a Saturday too April
15th all right I'm down
yeah I think that's a good plan it's a
crazy thing about the uh like we don't
really have a hook that could get a
famous Creator I feel like
like who is it that we could reach
because a big part of this will be like
figuring out who to reach out to to get
the like persistence uh exposure what we
can do is you know Alice's friend Mickey
Freeman yeah yeah she's got a lot of
flowers really
okay
I mean you could also hit up the boy
been a lot yeah I mean if we really
polish it like he would find it funny
you'd be like guys
I mean yeah we wanted to look pretty
pretty the thing is Mickey is like
Mickey has 8 200 followers wow I mean
that's not a crazy amount but that's a
good amount but the thing is she does AI
stuff so it's like that Community right
yeah good point right it's a strong
network
no you're off yet
I need a big button
to retweet it because he retweeted an
article about my advisor oh really yeah
dude Steven stroganz is a God yeah we
should totally get him I love him he did
this video with the you know veritasium
one about uh synchrony dude that's my
favorite videos
the Firefly stuff I was explaining yeah
yeah I can't imagine right so they have
an orientation too right because they
have to
but how does it synchronize they just
see each other it's sight yeah okay
right
because they did these studies of like
if they're trees walking and they can't
see you then I want to cry oh nice yeah
synchrony is so beautiful did the
current Moto model is like simple but it
makes like really cool pictures
but I mean we don't really have too much
mathy stuff at the moment but I imagine
that doing just like cool
myself
have you live streamed since
it's kind of a different way to work I
guess you have private stuff you maybe
can't share uh yeah I mean I didn't live
stream that thing yeah I was thinking of
going back and making a video
right
oh you're talking about the scheduler
yeah for some reason I was being
mosquitoes yeah no that's a good one
yeah I can't imagine anything
yeah that makes sense
uh but I do think like a lot of these
papers like
it's a shame you can't live stream
I mean I could but I don't want anyone
to like steal what I'm doing and publish
it before me you think that's a worry
I've never thought that that's a big
worry me neither it's like such a lift
it it I mean depending on the field it
can be but with the pace of like Ai and
stuff it's
for sure
but like uh it is a sign but
I guess I guess what I'd say is like
then consider recording it I can I can
just imagine that when the time comes to
actually really start editing and making
good content in short form and medium
form and long form it's good to start
with the whole thing and then just take
intersections and clips like subsets
instead of trying to like make more out
of less
yeah so you're saying it's better to
just like live stream while you're going
whole thing than to like go back and
yeah
like have the creation process be the
demo and then you can just clip it so
you can see how you got to that point
and then at the end you make like a
summarization you still make a thing at
the end but having the context of what
you did before will make it easier to
bring out what you
um the problem is it fills up your hard
drive reasonably quickly not like super
quick but that's why I stream is because
then I have the actual video what you
can do is you can
stream to YouTube and make it a private
video
then you don't have to store it and you
have the log
all right I think I get to 85 percent
I'm gonna call it I think I'm gonna end
it 88.
no 86.